Updating the What is dbt? page (#2207)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/tests.md

Tests are assertions you make about your models and other resources in your dbt project (e.g. sources, seeds and snapshots). When you run `dbt test`, dbt will tell you if each test in your project passes or fails.

> You can use tests to improve the integrity of the SQL in each model by making assertions about the results generated by a model. Out of the box, you can test whether a specified column in a model only contains non-null values, unique values, values that have a corresponding value in another model (e.g. a `customer_id` for an `order` corresponds to an `id` in the `customers` model), and values from a specified list. You can extend tests to suit business logic specific to your organization – any assertion that you can make about your model in the form of a select query can be turned into a test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use tests to improve the integrity of the SQL in each model by making assertions about the results generated. Out of the box, you can test whether a specified column in a model only contains non-null values, unique values, or values that have a corresponding value in another model (for example, a `customer_id` for an `order` corresponds to an `id` in the `customers` model), and values from a specified list. You can extend tests to suit business logic specific to your organization – any assertion that you can make about your model in the form of a select query can be turned into a test.
```
